Let's first look at this photograph,
of this respectable old man.
His name is Thomas Tutte,
a very highly-regarded Canadian combinatorist.
But he is not only a titan in the world of combinatorics.
Recently findings reveal that
he in fact an important in the history of humanbeings.
We all know that during WWII,
Germany held a leading position in both hardware and encryption techniques.
They used the Lorenz cipher, reproduceable by the so-called "Tunny Machine".
This device held 12 mechanical wheels
enabling very elaborate encryption.
So the Germans believed that the code 
generated by this machine was unbreakable.
What they didn't expect was the young Tutte 
to accomplish an astonishing feat of ingenuity.
He only required just two messages sent by the Germans
to successfully break Tunny.
Thus we can see that
not even sophisticated devices employed by the Germans
are immune to combinatorics. 
Let's now turn to the mobile phones we use every day:
we often need to unlock the screens.
But how safe is this process?
Here is the well-known iPhone.
Its passcode is very simple, comprising only four digits.
So is this method perhaps not as secure 
as we would like?
Do Android phones employ a superior technique?
Next we'll watch a short video
It seems that even Professor Du can not break the code.
But can Professor Tutte
help us with the passcode problem, using combinatorics?
Whether your mobile is secure or not can only be determined by calculation.
Next we'll see
How to calculate how many passcode combinations there are in total.
This is the Android "screen locked" interface.
We can clearly see that
We can use different paths to set different passcodes.
Simply put, we are basically just
choosing several numbers from these nine.
If you set a one- or two- digit passcode, it is far too easy to break.
So Android passcodes should at least use 4 digits.
What is the maximum number of digits you can use?
Only 9, for you can only join up a maximum of 9 dots.
If we ignore the positions of those dots, 
let's calculate how many possibilities there are altogether.
If we set a four-digit passcode,
if we pick 4 digits from nine, there are P(9,4) possibilities.
Picking 5 gives P(9,5) possibilities... all the way up to P(9,9).
The sum of all these numbers is 985824.
But this way of calculation does not take into account
the effects of ordering and position when linking up dots.
For example, let's observe the fact that 
in an interface such as this,
When we go from 1 to 3 we have to pass through 2.
So if I set the passcode to be 1 and then 3,
then this is an infeasible passcode.
So we see that, because in the prior calculation
we did not consider restraints posed by positioning,
we will also have counted some infeasible passcodes.
So how many feasible passcodes are there altogether?
One possible approach:
we can count up all the infeasible passcodes; subtracting this number
from the total gives the number of the logical passcodes.
So from this we can see,
We can calculate all the possibilities,
exclude the infeasible solutions,

So let's introduce such a constraint,
and restate what passcodes are allowed.
If the line segment formed by two dots passes over a third dot,
and this third dot was not linked up previously - then it's not allowed.
If it was previously linked up then it is allowed.
It's a somewhat complex rule.
Because of this, it's difficult to employ a purely mathematical method.
Instead, we can code up a
computer program
to enumerate all the logical solutions.
Now if we check the results returned by the computer program,
There are 389112 possibilities altogether.
This is a pretty large number!
So it would seem there are a lot of solutions.
Compared to the iPhone we saw previously,
whose passcode is limited to 4 digits.
There are ten choices for each passcode,
and so 10^4 gives us
10000 possibilities .
On the other hand, the Android way of unlocking by joining up dots,
there seems to be over 380,000 possibilities.
So Android is much better, right?
But think again! When we set passcodes,
How many digits do we use?
Most of us are afraid we might forget the passcode,
so we generally only use about 4 dots maximal.
Now if we reconsider with this fact in mind,
that most people only use about 4 digits,
then there are only 1624 feasible passcodes.
With under 2000 feasible passcodes,
if we enlist the aid of Professor Tutte,
he will probably crack it in minutes.
So how many digits must we set just to be safe?
If we want to achieve at least the level of the iPhone,
Then we count up the number of 4-digit passcodes to be 1624,
and the number of 5-digit passcodes to be 7152.
If we decide that too many dots is too hard to remember,
and we have fewer than 6 digits,
Then there are  totally 8776 possibilities.
Thus we can see that on your Android,
if your passcode is fewer than 6 digits,
it won't be as secure as an iPhone.
Just then we used mobile phone passcodes
to demonstrate how to perform calculations.
We shall find that there are many strategies to perform a calculation.
We may use multiplication and addition
and possibly even subtraction.
But no matter how we do it,
our goal is always the same,
namely to generate, under reasonable conditions,
all the possible solutions without double-counting or missing any out.
So the basic underlying principle for counting
is that we must not miss any possible solutions or double-count.
This aim, in fact, is not so easy to achieve.
In the next lesson, we shall share some
fundamental concepts necessary to counting well in Combinatorics.
