So, can we tell what this is?
This is one of the earliest examples of combinatorics - magic squares.
Combinatorics is an ancient field.
Its history may be traced back over 4000 years
to the age of the Great Yu.
According to Chinese myth, the Great Yu tamed the Yellow River.
There is a legend that says:
while working to tame the river,
The Great Yu was very worried.
One day, he was strolling by the riverbank,
when a giant tortoise rose from the Yellow River.
This tortoise was not only huge, 
but even more amazingly,
there were mysterious patterns on its back.
If we study the patterns carefully,
we discover that its back is divided up into nine squares.
Each square contains a number of dots.
If we add up the dots of each row,
or of all columns,
or even of each diagonal,
all add up to 15.
Fifteen is quite a special number in the Chinese lunar calendar,
since solar terms last fifteen days each.
So the Great Yu was inspired by this mysterious pattern,
and divided the work accordingly into fifteen days periods.
Magic squares appear not only in ancient literature,
but even in well-known works in film and television,
they appear frequently.
Next, we'll watch a short clip from "The Legend of the Condor Heroes"
Ying-gu, who lives in the cabin by the black swamp,
was studying how to form a 3x3 magic square.
Yet over a decade passed,
and she still could not reach a perfect solution.
Until Rong Huang came to the cabin, that was...
Your arithmetic obviously bests me,
but let me ask you.
Separate the numbers one to nine into three columns,
so that for every row, column and diagonal,
The sum of the three numbers is fifteen.
How to order the numbers?
Magic square of nine, use the method of the tortoise:
Two and four the shoulders, six and eight the feet.
three left, seven right, nine top and one bottom.
Five in the middle.
I thought I created this magic formula,
but little did I suspect that it is laid down in verse!
Then how do you transform each square into eight-diagrams?
Eight times nine is seventy-two.
For the numbers from one to seventy-two,
Encircle the nine squares with eight numbers each time,
with four circles at the intersections.
Altogether there are thirteen circles.
The sum of the numbers in each circle comes to 292.
This is the magic of the graph from the Book of Luo.
You won't understand anyway.
So is it really as commonplace as Rong Huang says?
In fact the first person to investigate magic squares
should be the mathematician Hui Yang from the Southern Song dynasty.
In China, Pascal's Triangle is actually named Hui Yang's Triangle.
Aside from this,
He authored the very interesting mathematical treatise "Classic Algorithms".
Within, he detailed 3 by 3, 4 by 4, 5 by 5
and even 10 by 10 magic squares.
So as we can see, apart from the 3 by 3 magic square found on the tortoise,
There are many much larger magic squares.
Western mathematicicians, too,
delved into the secrets of magic squares.
There was even a famous engraving
named Melancolia I.
In the top-right corner of the engraving, there is a 4 by 4 magic square.
Let's examine carefully
this 4 by 4 magic square.
In the two squares in the middle of the last row,
one holds a 15 and the other 14.
This demonstrates the cleverness of the artist,
for this engraving dates backs back to 1514.
So it can be seen that the secrets behind the ordering in magic squares
are almost beyond the imagination of mankind,
and some feel that magic squares harbour secrets of the universe.
For precisely this reason, in many religions,
magic squares hold special symbolic significance.
Even within their temples, magic squares are carved onto the walls.
So if we are to study magic squares,
We must first give them a formal definition,
a prerequisite for any rigorous mathematical investigation.
First we must have an n by n grid.
shall put the numbers 1, 2, 3...
all the way up to n squared
into the n by n grid.
We must guarantee that for every row and column,
and even for its diagonals,
the sum of the relevant numbers are identical.
So for a magic square of arbitrary size,
in order to study it,
we must first calculate the sum on the rows, columns and diagonals.
So we define the sum of each row
and each column
and each diagonal
to be the magic sum (or magic constant).
Let's denote this sum by the lowercase letter s.
Then for a magic square of size n,
if we wish to calculate s...
Well, what's the sum of all the numbers from
1, 2, 3
all the way up to n^2?
There is a formula for this:
the sum of 1+2+3+...all the way up to n^2
is equal to n^2(n^2+1)/2
but this number
is precisely n times s.
So the magic sum of the magic square is equal to 
n^2(n^2+1)/2
divided by n
Now, for a magic square of size n,
We know the magic sum should be equal to
n(n^2+1)/2
Since for every natural number n,
we can calculate its magic sum,
then is it true for all n that we can just arrange the numbers from 1 to n^2
and put them into an n by n grid
to form a magic square?
Let's use a simple example
of when n equals 2.
Does there exist a magic square of size 2?
How do we put the numbers 1, 2, 3, 4 into a 2 by 2 grid
so that the sum of every row and column are identical?
We first assume there does indeed 
exist a magic square of size 2.
Then the following must be true.
Let us use the letters a, b, c, d to denote the entries in the grid,
If there exists a 2 by 2 magic square,
what is its magic sum?
Substitution into our formula
reveals that the magic sum is should be equal to 2(2*2+1)/2,
which is exactly equal to 5.
This means that
in this configuration of a, b, c & d,
horizontally a+b should be equal to 5,
the second row c+d should be equal to 5,
and diagonally, both a+d and c+b should be equal to 5.
But now we spot a problem.
If we take the difference between c+b and c+d
we obtain this result:
b-d=0
However, we know that the four numbers we picked, 
are each distinct and cannot be equal to any other.
This is from the definition of a magic square.
So we have arrived at a contradiction and our assumption must be false.
So a magic square of size 2 does not exist.
But just now we have seen examples of magic squares of size 3, 4, 5
and even of size 10.
So what is the real answer to the question of existence?
In fact, roughly thirty years ago,
a German mathematician
proved that 
it is always possible to construct a magic square 
of size N, for every N larger or equal to 3.
Since magic squares exist for N larger than 2,
We quite naturally wonder,
how do we construct a magic square?
Actually Hui Yang introduced, in his book, a method
of constructing a magic square of size 3.
He first arranged the numbers 1, 2, 3; 4, 5, 6; 7, 8, 9 in diagonals.
then exchanged the numbers on opposing corners,
finally forming a 3 by 3 grid thus.
The result is a 3 by 3 magic square.
but this method is only applicable to 3 by 3 magic squares.
It was only in the seventeenth century
did a French mathematician discover
how to construct larger magic squares.
Of course, his technique had its own limitations.
He could only create odd-sized magic squares.
What, then, was his approach?
In fact he first imagined
an N by N grid like this,
to not be flat.
He filled the grid up in a fashion akin to going around the globe.
At the same time, when he places the numbers,
he always goes from bottom left to top right.
Next, let us demonstrate this method with a 3 by 3 square.
Next we'll use this device to introduce to everyone
the construction of a 3 by 3 magic square.
The first step in the method
is that we put a 1 in the middle of the first row.
Th process goes like this. If we pretend 
we're moving a piece from the bottom left to the top right,
But during this process,
it might be moved out of bounds.
We can make further progress by pretending
the edges are conjoined; going off one edge means coming on to the opposite.
Simply moving the piece to its second position
will cause it to fall off the edge of the board.
However, since going off one edge means coming onto the opposite one,
it should actually arrive at this position
So 2 should be placed here.
3 will be in the next position.
If the opposite edges are also conjoined in this direction,
then 3 should be placed here.
According to the rule of moving from the bottom left to top right,
We find that moving to the next position from 3 will cause
us to move to where 1 is.
Now this is a special case:
if the next position is already occupied or ,
we place the piece immediately below the previous square.
Therefore, 4 should be place here.
After this, we try to find the positions for 5 and 6 following the rule.
We don't have to do anything special until 7,
when the next position will go off the board.
By observing that 7
be placed at this position in the corner,
which is already occupied,
so we must move to the square immediately below the previous square.
Next, it's time to find the position of 8 from 7;
we see that it should be here due to the conjoined edges.
Finally, our last square is reserved for 9.
Thus if we now verify the sums:
8+1+6 8+5+2...
The sum of any row, column or diagonal
comes exactly to the magic sum of 15.
Since we know how to construct odd-sized magic squares,
then everyone must be wondering
whether, for a magic square of arbitrary size,
there is a corresponding method?
In fact, we can divide magic squares into three classes:
the first class comprises odd-sized magic squares,
the second magic squares of size 4m
and the third magic squares of size 4m+2.
Each class has its own method (of constructing magic squares).
So by now,
if we are given any n,
we can construct a corresponding n by n magic square.
But if we go back to the earlier 
3 by 3 magic square constructed using Hui Yang's method,
when we compare it with the magic square we just constructed,
are the two the same?
At first sight, these two arrangements are different.
However, a careful inspection reveals that
if we rotate this magic square
we obtain two identical magic squares.
That was a 3 by 3 magic square.
Let's now move on to 4 by 4 magic squares.
Here is the magic square from the engraving.
This magic square we're seeing was carved next to a temple.
Although they are both 4 by 4 magic squares,
no matter how you rotate or flip, their arrangements
are not the same.
This leads to the question,
if we take a magic square of size n (n>2),
how many distinct magic squares can we generate?
In fact, the counting of magic squares has long perplexed people.
We know that no magic square of size 2 exists.
If discount flips and rotations, then for a 3 by 3 magic square,
there is only one possibility.
Once we are up to 4 by 4 ,
there are 880 distinct arrangements.
If we allow for flips and rotations,
there are 7040 possibilities.
For 5 by 5 magic squares, then,
we can all imagine
how many 5 by 5 magic square should be.
There are already over 270 million 5 by 5 magic squares.
Exactly how many 6 by 6 magic squares should be,
is beyond our ability to calculate.
Even computers are incapable of enumerating all the possibilities.
Mathematicians,
determined that it must be within a certain range,
roughly 1.77x10^19.
What about magic squares of size 7?
No one really knows
Even the range in which it lies,
we do not know.
Thus we can see how difficult counting is.
So is this the greatest extent of research into magic squares?
Actually we have only come across ordinary magic squares so far.
There are many other forms.
We can consider an arbitrary number sequences;
neither do we need limit all the numbers to a consecutive sequence,
nor do we have to use ordinary numbers.
We can even put various prime numbers in the grid
to construct a magic square.
Some people have even said that
OK, the sum for each row and each column
is identical.
In fact there are a number of people trying to form magic squares,
where the product of each row and column is identical.
These also make for a special form of magic squares.
Magic squares are so great,
they have attracted the fascination of the world at large.
In the year 1977,
magic squares, as a symbol of the intelligence of mankind,
were transported into the space.
At the same time, I found that elegant constructions like magic squares,
in fact also offer a special way of expressing yourself.
In fact, during the 2008,
A headline attracted my attention:
a 78-year-old farmer designed a very elegent magic square.
It is a cube, 
where its every diagonal
and even its every row and column each add up to equal 2008.
"Unfurling" this cube onto a plane
produces a heart-like shape.
Moreover, at each corner, taking the sum of 5 numbers in a cross
and subtracting the number on the opposite corner (on the same face)
is exactly 2008.
So Mr Zhongxiang Bao spent three entire years
designing this perfect magic square
to honour the Olympics.
The development of magic squares allow you to let loose your imagination
The study of magic squares is both rich and profound.
In combinatorics there are many similar sophisticated structures.
Just now we covered some of the development of combinatorics 
in China (or even the East).
We must be eager to learn more
regarding the West.
How did combinatorics begin and develop
in the West?
So in the next lesson, we shall begin a deep discussion about the development of combinatorics in the West.
