Next we'll introduce to everyone
a famous problem known as the Seven Bridges of Konigsberg.
Konigsberg is a city in Prussia with breathtaking scenery.
This city is very charming.
If we look into its colourful history, we shall find
that it was the birthplace of many great mathematicians and philosophers.
The philosopher Kant and mathematician Goldbach 
were both born here.
Apart from the great thinkers it has produced, of especial note is the
river passing through Konigsberg.
The river branches into two in the city,
splitting the city into four pieces.
To connect together the islands and other parts of the city,
seven bridges were built over the river.
Yet the distribution of the seven bridges is very interesting.
So in Konigsberg,
the locals enjoy an interesting game:
When they are strolling on the seven bridges -
which seem to connect everything together -
they would try to cross over all the bridges exactly once.
This problem of traversing all seven bridges
is the notable "Seven Bridges of Konigsberg".
We might think here,
so what? It's only crossing all the bridges,
so let's just enumerate all the permutations by brute force.
Since no repetitions are allowed,
so we are simply limited to permutations of 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6 and 7, right?
How many permutations of 7 numbers are there?
7!=5040 different solutions.
But there are many false solutions contained there.
For example, it might be impossible to go directly from one bridge to another.
A permutation like this would not be a valid solution.
Say you physically attempt all 5040 possible solutions.
If you actually try and walk out one possible solution a day,
You'll need 13 years to try them all.
This problem became a very popular topic, which Konigsbergers loved to
analyse in their free time.
At that time, several undergraduates found it a very interesting problem,
Yet, try as they might,
they couldn't find a valid solution.
So they emulated Goldbach and penned a letter to Euler.
Euler is certainly a master of his craft. He discovered after several trials
that there doesn't seem to be any valid solutions.
So he changed tack
and considered the possibility that it was impossible
to traverse all seven bridges exactly once.
Euler only needed several days to solve this difficult problem.
His answer? O solutions.
How did he accomplish this?
He certainly didn't use complete enumeration.
He didn't even label all the bridges 1, 2, 3, ... 7.
Instead he conducted a magnificent method.
He converted the seven bridges to a graph,
with the landmasses as nodes
and the bridges as the edges between the nodes.
This graph, with the seven edges,
exactly corresponds with the seven bridges of Konigsberg.
Wishing to traverse all seven bridges exactly once
is equivalent to asking if it's possible, on this graph,
to draw out all the edges in a single stroke.
This abstraction by Euler is very neat.
He abstracted the original problem into a graph,
which he then transformed into a one-stroke problem.
Euler eventually wrote a very well known paper,
which is often regarded as the beginning of topology.
In 1736 he published the first paper in the world
about graph theory,
which discussed the Seven Bridges of Konigsberg.
He not only employed abstraction,
but simultaneously proved the necessary and sufficient condition
for drawing out the graph
in a single stroke.
First you need all the nodes to be connected.
Aside from this he classified all the nodes into two types,
according to the number of edges adjacent the node. If the number is odd,
the node is an odd node.
Else, if the number of adjacent edges is even, the node is even.
So a necessary sufficient condition for a graph
to be drawable in a single stroke:
the number of odd nodes must either be 0 or 2.
Let's return to the graph of Konigsberg's Seven Bridges.
Does it satisfy the previous condition?
This graph has four nodes,
with every node being connected to
3 or 5 edges.
Therefore all 4 nodes are odd.
The necessary and sufficient condition for being able
to draw this graph in a single stroke states
that the number of odd nodes must either be 0 or 2.
Clearly the Seven Bridges do not satisfy this condition,
So Euler didn't need 13 years to walk out all the solutions,
but simply state there is no solution
that traverses all seven bridges exactly once.
With the passing of time, 
the problem gradually faded from people's minds.
Yet the story continues,
Some bridges were retired from service for want of repairs.
Now we can see that the nature of the graph has changed.
For example, if we remove this edge at the corner,
we find that the number of odd nodes has been reduced by 2,
with only 2 odd nodes remaining.
Now Euler's condition regarding the
single-stroke problem is satisfied.
Since there exists a solution,
we might quite naturally ask next
how many solutions are there to
traverse all six bridges exactly once?
This problem seems to be a generalisation of Euler's problem.
In Euler's paper,he not only stated
the necessary and sufficient condition for there to exist a solution,
but presented us with a general guiding principle.
He stated that to solve the problem,
then one possibility is that there are 0 odd nodes.
This means that all the nodes are even.
When this occurs,
and you want to complete a graph in one stroke,
you can start from any even node,
and at the end return to it.
Should you have 2 odd nodes however,
you must begin from one odd node,
and end up at the other.
With these two conditions, we discover that
to find all the solutions traversing all six bridges exactly once,
we do not need to resort to complete enumeration.
This is because we already know
that if there are only two odd nodes,
then we have to start from an odd node and
end up at the other odd node.
In fact, in the field of computer algorithms
this traversal of all edges exactly once
is a special problem of its own.
In fact, solutions to this problem are named after Euler:
we call them Eulerian paths.
So how many Eulerian paths are there in total?
If we code up
a fast and efficient algorithm,
then we shall discover
that we are basically still using enumeration.
However, it doesn't seem to be quite so brute-force.
In the traditional sense of brute-force enumeration,
we mean that all possible solutions are listed.
But here, due to Euler's work,
we can use his theorem to deduce the solutions.
We discover that the process becomes simpler and much more natural.
Therefore, even though enumeration is a basic principle in counting,
abstraction makes it really powerful.
Under many circumstances, without a computer,
a human's capacity for enumeration is very limited.
Combinatorics uses this mode of thought
to instruct computers to use abstract methods,
to make the enumerative process that much more elegant and concise.
This is the magic behind combinatorics.
