Let's take a look at this painting by Van Gogh.
We can see some roses in it.
However, after an X-ray scan, we have discovered 
that behind this colourful painting,
there in fact is a portrait of a wrestler.
Such paintings-within-paintings
are not limited to the field of art.
Similar examples are to be found in mathematics.
We all know Archimedes, right?
He has made significant contributions to 
various branches of mathematics, physics and engineering, etc.
So what contributions has he to combinatorics?
Today, let's take a look at a photo of Archimedes' manuscript.
Here is a photo of an ancient text.
A glance does not seem reveal
any links with mathematics - 
there are no symbols,
no graphs...
This is in fact a religious text.
The history of it goes like this:
Around the 10th century A.D.
Some scribes copied Archimedes' work,
word for word, onto parchment.
Over the course of history,
and the passing of time
these parchment scrolls were lost
and found there way into various monasteries,
where the monks, upon receipt of the scrolls,
simply rinsed them all.
After the original text had been washed away,
they reused the parchment to copy the Scriptures.
After the passing of 1000 years,
through times of war and peace,
only fragments of these scrolls survive today.
It was only recently
that people began to suspect
that there may be more to be discovered.
Sure enough, after an X-ray,
these shapes began to appear.
It would seem that underneath these scriptures there are complex drawings
Now we also note that this ancient Greek is written horizontally.
People gradually realised that
this mathematical work seems to be by Archimedes' hand.
So it's time we examine the details more closely.
After X-ray (and some other) scans,
we can see that under these scriptures,
there is a mathematical paper in Ancient Greek.
So what, exactly, does this paper deal with?
The answer is in fact Archimedes' Stomachion(14-piece dissection puzzle).
When stomachion puzzles are mentioned,
Chinese students amongst us may automatically think of tangrams.
Yes, there is a degree of similarity between the stomachion and tangrams,
But Archimedes didn't study
how many elephant shapes you can make from a stomachion,
or even how many soldier shapes!
Instead, he investigated the very interesting problem of:
if this stomachion can be pieced together to create a square,
how many ways, precisely,
do we have of
reassembling it and putting it back in this square box?
After mathematicians learned of the problem from the manuscript in 2003,
it garnered significant attention from the community.
Of course, many mathematicians felt that this problem was very complex,
and almost impossible to solve.
So a mathematician had the idea 
to offer a prize for its solution.
He took a sum of money,
not too much of course,
only 100 dollars or so£¬
and created a 100-dollar prize fund,
for the first person to come up with 
an exact solution.
Naturally many people all over the world began investigating this problem,
including mathematicians
and computer scientists.
Let's all guess whether it was
the computer scientists
or the mathematicians who won this prize?
I think most us will guess correctly -
indeed it was the computer scientists who
devised an algorithm.
An enumerative method was used
to ultimately generate the correct answer. So for the stomachion,
how many distinct combinations are possible?
17152
Of course, mathematicians were not far behind either.
They didn't use computers;
Instead, they used exclusively combinatorics
to arrive at the same solution.
The playful Archimedes began the 
chapter on Western combinatorics.
As for the word "combinatorics",
what are its origins?
It can actually be attributed to Leibniz in 1666.
When studying probability,
He coined the term
combinatorics.
In terms of English,
created the name for
Combinatorics. He stated that all deductions and discoveries, 
regardless of whether they are described in human language,
can all be categorised into some ordered combination 
of the elements of numbers, words, sounds and colours,
The study of calculating this ordered set
is combinatorics.
After we have reviewed the history of combinatorics,
both its development in the West and its origins in the East.
We must be curious:
what applications has combinatorics in real life?
Next lesson, we shall analyse this more deeply for everyone.
